Requires the .NET 10 SDK with Windows Desktop support.
From this source directory:
dotnet publish -p:PublishProfile=Local -o bin\publish
Copy the published files from bin\publish into the parent Minecraft-Harbor folder.

The Local profile uses the installed .NET 10 Windows Desktop runtime. Native
libraries remain beside the executable. Do not silently change local deployment
to bundle and extract the runtime; use a separate profile for that distribution.
This packaging choice does not guarantee Smart App Control approval. Windows may
reject an unsigned build before the app starts, and its cached trust can change.
Correlate CodeIntegrity events with the exact executable hash before blaming a
feature or claiming a rebuild fixed security enforcement.

Close the application before rebuilding it.

Server lifetime verification: --lifetime-test <absolute-report.json> and
--lifetime-window-test <absolute-report.json>. Both use disposable mock worlds.
They verify normal window close, force-ending the window process, and the Windows
job fallback if the supervisor itself is ended. The supervisor owns Minecraft's
stdin and waits for a normal stop after its owner exits. It permits four minutes
for shutdown, then ends a stalled process without claiming a successful save.
CPU and memory readings use the recorded Minecraft PID, not the supervisor PID.

Quality checks:
"..\Minecraft Harbor.exe" --self-test <absolute-test-report.json>
"..\Minecraft Harbor.exe" --library-test <absolute-test-report.json>
"..\Minecraft Harbor.exe" --preview <absolute-preview.png>
"..\Minecraft Harbor.exe" --verify

Self-test uses a separate mock world alongside its report, and exercises process
readiness, stop, online backup, restore and path traversal rejection.
Preview draws the app into an image and exits without starting Minecraft.
Verify starts the actual world, verifies a Minecraft status handshake, saves, stops,
backs up and writes verification.json. It requires the owner to accept the EULA first.
Never run verification while Harbor is already running.

Library tests use disposable profiles alongside their report. They cover opt-in
pack setup, live switching with backup, independent world storage, source-preserving
world import with player data, cross-pack restore rejection, and persistence.
Put test reports under a work directory, then copy finished reports to verification.

Harbor uses PerMonitorV2 and a 96-DPI design baseline. Keep AutoScaleMode.Dpi on
forms. Custom dashboard drawing uses logical pixels scaled once by DeviceDpi;
ordinary controls use the same baseline and responsive layout.
The original server remains in server/; new prepared servers live under profiles/.
library.json tracks them. Reading CurseForge metadata never sets up a server.

Backup integration tests: --backup-test <absolute-report.json>
Uses disposable mock servers and a controlled clock. Covers hourly timing, unchanged
server PID, confirmed save replies, live file copying, failed save/copy recovery,
save-on retry, five-hour retention and graceful close. No real world is modified.

Design verification: --design-test <absolute-report.json>
Uses a disposable mock server and the real button handlers to check Start/Stop
color and visibility, navigation, responsive controls, live appearance changes,
official CurseForge image caching, and one-hour history calculation/persistence.
Also checks repeated dropdown opening/dismissal and automatic title detection on
unrelated images with text at different positions and angles, including safe
fallbacks for unreadable or unrelated text. Tesseract 5.2.0 and eng.traineddata are local runtime dependencies;
copy the published x64/ and tessdata/ folders alongside the EXE when deploying.
Rendered images are written beside the report. The real server stays untouched.
Assets/night-harbor.png is embedded in the application; its prompt is saved beside it.

Branding: Assets/harbor-wordmark.png is the horizontal header artwork;
Assets/harbor-icon.png is the stacked desktop/app artwork. Their generation prompts
are saved in Assets/harbor-branding-prompts.txt. Build-Icon.ps1 packages the stacked
PNG into harbor.ico at 16, 24, 32, 48, 64, 128 and 256 pixels, preserving transparency.
The icon is embedded in both the EXE resource and the managed window/tray resource.
The desktop shortcut uses harbor-wordmark.ico beside the deployed EXE.

Background rendering is cached per surface size, DPI and appearance. Scrollable
pages sample that fixed viewport background while their controls scroll; scrolling
does not reload an image or regenerate the background. Design checks compare a
stationary background pixel and cache generation before and after scrolling.

